{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red197\green35\blue42;
\red241\green241\blue241;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c82353\c21961\c21569;
\cssrgb\c95686\c95686\c95686;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh20520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How do you know to which Properties or Events of HTML\'a0Elements you may bind? You can basically bind to all Properties and Events - a good idea is to 
\f1 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 console.log()
\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0 the element you're interested in to see which properties and events it offers.\

\b Important
\b0 :\'a0For events, you don't bind to onclick but only to click (=>\'a0(click)).\
The MDN\'a0(Mozilla Developer Network)\'a0offers nice lists of all properties and events of the element you're interested in. Googling for 
\f1 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 YOUR_ELEMENT properties
\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0 or 
\f1 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 YOUR_ELEMENT events
\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0 should yield nice results.\
\
\'97\'97servers.component.html\'97\
<!-- In javascript, you use 'onClick', but we wont use that for Angular\
			We can bind to the same 'onClick' property but just saing 'click' withtout the 'on' portion. \
			This means you should be familiar with what properties in the HTML you can bind to \
			 IMPORTANT: console.log() the HTML element you're interested in to see which properties/events it offers - Just google it. \
			'onCreateServer()' will now be executed whenever we click the button.\
			The expression in the parentheses will be run, when the event occurs. Technically you can put code in between the quotation marks as well. But that's not recommended. \
\
The MDN (Mozilla Developer Network) offers nice lists of all properties and events of the element you're interested in. Googling for YOUR_ELEMENT properties  or YOUR_ELEMENT events  should yield nice results\
			-->\
\

\b <button class="btn btn-primary" [disabled]="!allowNewServer" \
(click) = "onCreateServer()">Add Server</button>\
\

\b0 \'97\'97\'97\'97servers.component.ts\'97\'97\'97\
\

\b export class ServersComponent implements OnInit \{\
  allowNewServer = false;\
  serverCreationStatus = 'No server was created!';
\b0 \
\
\'85..
\b \
\
  ngOnInit() \{\
  \}\
\
  onCreateServer() \{\
    this.serverCreationStatus = 'Server was created!';  \
  \}\
\}\
}